## BAM (Binary angle modulation) module for a single-cycle MIPS processor in Verilog HDL.

###### Created as a task for Computer Architecture course, NTUU KPI, The faculty Electronics, The Department of Design of Electronic Digital Equipment (DEDEC).

There are also all additional modules, like GPIO, RAM, address decoder and address space here. 
They are not necessary in general for using the BAM module.

BAM module in general needs only the clock frequency divider module to be used in your project, so you can leave only bam and clk_prescaller modules, 
write your own testbench for Modelsim and test it, sending the necessary control signals in the testbench directly to the BAM module ports.

Address_space module is the module, which allows you to connect all these modules together, by forming an address space,
with addresses from 0 to 132, and use them with the simpliest single-cycle MIPS processor.
It will receive an address, which is generated by ALU. And after that this address sends to the address decoder, which generates control signal,
allowing such modules as RAM, GPIO or BAM to receive or transmit data you need.
Address_space module also receives input clock and reset signals, and write enable signal, which is generated by Control Unit of the MIPS.
Saying about the output signals, they are 32-bit output data, 32 IO pins from GPIO and one-bit signal bam_output.

## Configuration bits:

1. 16 bits to configure the duty cycle. Address: **[131]**, bits **[15:0]**.
2. 3 bits to configure the prescaler mode. Address: **[132]**, bits **[3:1]**.
3. 1 bit to start or stop BAM module. Address: **[132]**, bit **[0]**.

## How to use:

- As a separate thing, to see how it works:

There are simpliest **tesbench.v** and **sim.do** files here, so you can use them for simulation of this project in the Modelsim.

- As a part of a single-cycle MIPS processor:

Use store word instruction to configure the BAM module.
For examle, like that:

	addi $v0, $zero, 43690
	sw $v0, 131($zero)
	
	addi $v0, $zero, 1
	sw $v0, 132($zero)

Instructions above will configure the BAM module for ~66% duty cycle mode, 1:1 prescaler mode, and will start it.

------------

> P.S.: I am not very good in Verilog HDL, and therefore I would be very grateful if you share with me your comments about the performance of this code, 
or about the codestyle. Thanks!
